{"filter":false,"title":"README.md","tooltip":"/README.md","undoManager":{"mark":7,"position":7,"stack":[[{"start":{"row":0,"column":0},"end":{"row":68,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["# The Monkees website","Milestone Project #1: User-Centric Frontend Development - Code Institute ","","This project is a website for the rock band \"The Monkees\", which is targeting the current and potential fans. The primary goal is to showcase their best work (such as video clips, music and pictures) and create a social presence connecting to their fans (through online booking and social medias).","","","## UX","The main goal for this project was to make it as easy as possible for current fans to keep updated on their favourite's band activity aand have a place to get in touch with them, and for potential fans to learn more about the band. ","The color scheme is black and white with orange highlights, to keep the website minimalistic and simple while still matching the band's style.","","","## Technologies","1. HTML","2. CSS","3. Bootstrap (4.3.1)","","","## Features","This site uses the scrollSpy feature in Bootstrap with an extra JavaScript function added to create a 'smooth scrolling' effect. The navbar is always static and collapse on smaller screen sizes.","","","### Features Left to Implement","In the future, I would like to [add further projects that I've worked on to create a more comprehensive 'work/travail' section. I would like to also add animations to the progress circles in the \"skills/compétences\" section to animate on a hover. ]","","","## Testing","The current and potential fan user story achieved the intended outcome of providing them with information and work shwocase of the band. They are able to see the showcased content (pictures, music and videos) via the \"Gallery\" and \"Music\" sections. They can view both the live version and the GitHub repository by clicking on the Font Awesome icons. They are also able to view the band's social media profiles via clicking on the icons in the header (or footer in large screen devices).","","If you try to submit the contact form with an invalid email address, there will be an error noting the invalid email address. Furthermore, the 'required' attribute is added to the 'name,' 'email,' and 'message' fields, so if those fields are not filled in, the form will not submit.","","All links will open in a new tab using 'target=\"_blank\"' and have been manually tested to ensure that they are pointing to the correct destination.","","By clicking on the links in the navbar, the scrollSpy effect will work regardless of whether or not you're viewing the sections in the same order they are listed in the dropdown navbar. ","","This site was tested across multiple browsers (Chrome, Safari, Internet Explorer, FireFox) and on multiple mobile devices (iPhone 4, 5, 7: Chrome and Safari, iPad, Samsung Galaxy) to ensure compatibility and responsiveness. During the testing phase, I realized that [XXXXXX].","","","## Deployment","This site is hosted using GitHub pages, deployed directly from the master branch. The deployed site will update automatically upon new commits to the master branch. In order for the site to deploy correctly on GitHub pages, the landing page must be named `index.html`.","","","## Credits","","","## Authors","","* **Clara Bausson** - *Initial work* - [ClaraBausson](https://github.com/ClaraBausson)","","### Content","All content in the \"About Us\" in this website were based on https://en.wikipedia.org/. All content in the \"Home\" in this website were based on https://www.monkees.com/news. All other content were written by me.","","### Media","All photos were taken from [Pexels](https://www.pexels.com/), a stock image library, with the exception of the photo of myself in the background of the 'about me/À Propos' section in the desktop view. A greyscale filter was applied to each one prior to upload to preserve the greyscale theme. ","","### Acknowledgements","The scrollSpy delay JavaScript function was found through this tutorial [here](https://www.abeautifulsite.net/smoothly-scroll-to-an-element-without-a-jquery-plugin-2).","","The media viewer from the gallery section is from [Fancybox](https://fancyapps.com/fancybox/3/).","","The icon set for the social links was taken from [FontAwesome](https://www.bootstrapcdn.com/fontawesome/).","","The fonts used are from [GoogleFont](https://fonts.google.com/).","","The Spotify embed was generated with [Spotify for Developers](https://developer.spotify.com/documentation/widgets/generate/play-button/) and modified to improve the sizing and alignement of the embed.","","The photo effects were taken from [codepen.io](https://codepen.io/nxworld/pen/ZYNOBZ).","","**This is for educational use.** ",""],"id":3}],[{"start":{"row":52,"column":28},"end":{"row":52,"column":34},"action":"remove","lines":["Pexels"],"id":4},{"start":{"row":52,"column":28},"end":{"row":52,"column":29},"action":"insert","lines":["G"]},{"start":{"row":52,"column":29},"end":{"row":52,"column":30},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":52,"column":30},"end":{"row":52,"column":31},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":52,"column":31},"end":{"row":52,"column":32},"action":"insert","lines":["g"]},{"start":{"row":52,"column":32},"end":{"row":52,"column":33},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]},{"start":{"row":52,"column":33},"end":{"row":52,"column":34},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":52,"column":34},"end":{"row":52,"column":35},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":5},{"start":{"row":52,"column":35},"end":{"row":52,"column":36},"action":"insert","lines":["I"]},{"start":{"row":52,"column":36},"end":{"row":52,"column":37},"action":"insert","lines":["m"]},{"start":{"row":52,"column":37},"end":{"row":52,"column":38},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":52,"column":38},"end":{"row":52,"column":39},"action":"insert","lines":["g"]},{"start":{"row":52,"column":39},"end":{"row":52,"column":40},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":52,"column":40},"end":{"row":52,"column":41},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]}],[{"start":{"row":52,"column":43},"end":{"row":52,"column":66},"action":"remove","lines":["https://www.pexels.com/"],"id":6},{"start":{"row":52,"column":43},"end":{"row":52,"column":175},"action":"insert","lines":["https://www.google.com/search?q=the+monkees&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwi93q_sjqPjAhVgQUEAHZ5cBs4Q_AUIESgC&biw=1536&bih=718"]}],[{"start":{"row":52,"column":178},"end":{"row":52,"column":315},"action":"remove","lines":["a stock image library, with the exception of the photo of myself in the background of the 'about me/À Propos' section in the desktop view"],"id":7},{"start":{"row":52,"column":177},"end":{"row":52,"column":178},"action":"remove","lines":[" "]},{"start":{"row":52,"column":176},"end":{"row":52,"column":177},"action":"remove","lines":[","]}],[{"start":{"row":52,"column":178},"end":{"row":52,"column":270},"action":"remove","lines":["A greyscale filter was applied to each one prior to upload to preserve the greyscale theme. "],"id":8},{"start":{"row":52,"column":177},"end":{"row":52,"column":178},"action":"remove","lines":[" "]}],[{"start":{"row":12,"column":7},"end":{"row":12,"column":8},"action":"insert","lines":["5"],"id":9}],[{"start":{"row":13,"column":6},"end":{"row":13,"column":7},"action":"insert","lines":["3"],"id":10}]]},"ace":{"folds":[],"scrolltop":0.5,"scrollleft":0,"selection":{"start":{"row":13,"column":7},"end":{"row":13,"column":7},"isBackwards":false},"options":{"guessTabSize":true,"useWrapMode":true,"wrapToView":true},"firstLineState":0},"timestamp":1562514376639,"hash":"e803c761806cda9ceae57c03b350345a1f8ea338"}